updates Child Workflow Execution descriptions and samples (#1629)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/app-dev-context/child-workflows.md

> 

Reviewer: logged in the parent Workflow ..

Reviewer: (see hidden text above)

Reviewer 2: +1 to that clarification (logged to the Parent Workflow Execution)

Always block progress until the [ChildWorkflowExecutionStarted](/references/events#childworkflowexecutionstarted) Event is logged to the Event History to ensure the Child Workflow Execution has started.
After that, Child Workflow Executions may be abandoned using the default _Abandon_ [Parent Close Policy](/concepts/what-is-a-parent-close-policy) set in the Child Workflow Options.

> To be sure that the Child Workflow Execution has started, first call the `GetChildWorkflowExecution` method on the instance of `ChildWorkflowFuture`, which returns a different Future.

Reviewer 2: This is Go specific syntax -

> To be sure that the Child Workflow Execution has started, first call the `GetChildWorkflowExecution` method on the instance of `ChildWorkflowFuture`, which returns a different Future.
> 
> Then call the `Get()` method on that Future, which is what waits until the Child Workflow Execution has spawned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: & move to Go tab if not already there

> Then call a `Get()` method, or equivalent, on that future, which is what waits until the Child Workflow Execution has spawned.

Reviewer 2: This needs to be explained with a generic explanation -
Futures and the Get() method are all Go specific

> To be sure that the Child Workflow Execution has started, first call the `GetChildWorkflowExecution` method on the instance of the `ChildWorkflowFuture`, which will return a different Future.
> 
> Then call the `Get()` method on that Future, which is what will wait until the Child Workflow Execution has spawned.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To be sure that the Child Workflow Execution has started, first call the `GetChildWorkflowExecution` method on the instance of `ChildWorkflowFuture`, which returns a different Future.

Then call the `Get()` method on that Future, which is what waits until the Child Workflow Execution has spawned.
```
